Now before we can actually start,
we need to first set up the most important tool
that we need for this course and that is a code editor.
So the code editor that I'm gonna use
in the first part of this course is called Brackets.
So you can just go ahead to brackets on IO
and download this editor.
If you wanna use this same editor that
I'm using throughout the videos.
Now some people, of course,
already have the editors installed,
like VS Code, Sublime or Atom,
and if you are already set up with your own editor
then there is no need to install a new one of course.
You can just use what you already have.
But if you're new to all this,
then you can just go ahead and download Brackets.
Then in the second part of the course,
I'm actually gonna use VS Code, simply because,
it was recorded at a later time.
Alright, so, this is what Brackets looks like.
And that's because I have a theme installed.
So let's take a look at the set up
that I have for this editor.
And you can take a look at that on the course,
GitHub Repo.
So in the last lecture, there's a link,
that points to this repo and basically,
this repository contains everything that you need,
for the course.
So all of the codes, the final and the starter code,
and these slides, so the entire slides for the course,
and then also the set up.
And also down here, you have frequently asked questions.
So before you post something to the Q and A,
you can always take a look at these
frequently asked questions first.
Now about the set up, I have a special document here,
because I get asked all the time, what themes
and what extensions I use.
So for Brackets, that I use in the first part of the course,
I have a theme called OS X Style Flat and Dark.
And then the most important extension is
an Auto Save extension.
So let's go ahead and set this up very quickly
just so that your editor looks the exact same as mine,
if you choose to use Brackets.
So just hit this icon here on the right side,
which says extension manager,
then you can first head to themes,
and then OS X Style and here it is.
So all you need to do is now is click install
and I already have it installed so that's why
I don't have a button here
then you just close it, come here to view,
in the menu, then themes, then you can select
the OS X Style theme from here.
Click done and now your code editor should look
the same as mine.
Then as for the other extension, just hit the available,
then auto save and the one you want to install
is the one, to auto save files on window blur.
And so what this is gonna do is each time that we leave
the Brackets app, it will automatically save the file
we are currently working on.
Okay, so that is Brackets.
Then again on the second part of the course
we are gonna use VS Code here.
So disc editor, but more about that by then.
Now down here, you have also, the theme
and the extensions that I use in case
that you're curious.
Okay, and that is the set up about code editors.
Now of course you also need a browser
and I am always using the latest version of Google Chrome.
So I advise you to do the exact same.
Then in the browser, we are gonna use a lot,
especially in the beginning, is the developer consult.
And let me quickly show you how you can use that.
So you can come to the view menu, then developer,
and java script console.
And then it will open up the desk tools.
And you have the console down here.
And you can also do it another way,
which is simply right click anywhere on the page
then hit inspect and then you can click console over here.
And so on this console we can very simply execute
Java Script commands like math operations like this
or assigning values to variables,
something like this and then read them out,
so this is just to execute Java Script here.
But I'm already getting ahead of myself here
so I'm already writing some Java Script code here
but let's leave that for the next section.
I think we're actually ready here so let's now
finally move on right to the next video,
to the next section where you're gonna start
learning Java Script.